## Adding A New Resource Type

1. Create new package inside `genesyscloud` with the following files. The package name should match the name of the resource (minus, the genesyscloud\_ prefix).
   - `resource_genesyscloud_{resource_name}_schema.go` - The file containing the schema definition for the resource, data source, and exporter. It also contains a constant variable which defines the resource name, and a public function called `SetRegistrar`, which will be called from outside the package to register the resource with the provider. The schema should closely match Public API schemas, but there are some Terraform schema limitations that may require some deviation from the API.
   - `resource_genesyscloud_{resource_name}.go` - Contains the create, read, update and delete functions for the resource (the methods for the resource's `CreateContext`, `ReadContext`, `UpdateContext`, and `DeleteContext` attributes.) It also contains the getAll function to be used by the exporter. If you have a few helper functions present in this file, that is fine, but if there are more than 1-2 helper functions you should create a `resource_genesyscloud_{resource_name}_utils.go` to contain the business logic.
   - `resource_genesyscloud_{resource_name}_test.go` - Contains the resource tests. Write acceptance test cases that cover all of the attributes and CRUD operations for the resource. Acceptance tests modify real resources in a test org and require an OAuth Client authorized to create, update, and delete the resource type in the org. See existing tests for examples and [Terraform Acceptance Test documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/extend/testing/acceptance-tests/index.html) for more details. Unit tests are also encouraged where applicable (for helper functions etc.)
   - `data_source_genesyscloud_{resource_name}.go` - This file contains all of the data source logic for a resource. The data source should call any Genesys Cloud APIs through its API proxy class. All functions and variables in this class should be private.
   - `data_source_genesyscloud_{resource_name}_test.go` - Contains the data source tests.
   - `genesyscloud_{resource_name}_proxy.go` - This contains all of the API logic for interacting with the Genesys Cloud APIs. This is meant to be an isolated layer from Terraform, so know Terraform objects should be passed back and forth to this code. All functions and variables in this class should be private.
   - `genesyscloud_{resource_name}_init_test.go` - This file contains all of the logic needed to initialize a test case for your resource. All functions and variables in this class should be private.
2. Add a new folder for the resource and data source under the `/examples` folder. An example `resource.tf` file for the resource should be added to the folder along with an `apis.md` file listing all of the APIs the resource uses. To generate the documentation, run `go generate`. **Note:** Everything inside the `docs` directory is generated based off schema data and the content inside `examples`. Do not manually edit anything inside `docs`.
3. Import your package to `main.go` at the root of the project and, from the `registerResources` function, call the SetRegistrar function passing in the `regInstance` variable.
