---
page_title: "genesyscloud_case_management_caseplan Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud case management caseplan
---
# genesyscloud_case_management_caseplan (Resource)

Genesys Cloud case management caseplan

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/casemanagement/caseplans](https://apicentral.genesys.cloud/api-explorer#get-api-v2-casemanagement-caseplans)
* [POST /api/v2/casemanagement/caseplans](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api-explorer#post-api-v2-casemanagement-caseplans)
* [GET /api/v2/casemanagement/caseplans/{caseplanId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api-explorer#get-api-v2-casemanagement-caseplans-caseplanid-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/casemanagement/caseplans/{caseplanId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-casemanagement-caseplans-caseplanid-)


## Example Usage

```terraform
# Replace data_schema id with a genesyscloud_task_management_workitem_schema id; set version to that schema's version.
# Optional: division_id, customer_intent, default_case_owner, intake_settings (see resource documentation).
resource "genesyscloud_case_management_caseplan" "example" {
  name                            = "Example caseplan"
  description                     = "Example case management caseplan"
  reference_prefix                = "EXPL"
  default_due_duration_in_seconds = 1296000
  default_ttl_seconds             = 31536000

  data_schema {
    id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001"
    version = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_schema` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Task management workitem schema bound to case data for this caseplan. Updates use PUT /caseplans/{id}/dataschemas/default (only key "default" exists today). IDs must be task-management workitem schemas. Cannot be changed after the caseplan has been published at least once. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_schema))

### Optional

- `customer_intent` (Block List, Max: 1) The customer intent for the Cases created from the caseplan. Cannot be changed after the caseplan has been published at least once. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--customer_intent))
- `default_case_owner` (Block List, Max: 1) The default case owner for Cases created from the Caseplan. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_case_owner))
- `default_due_duration_in_seconds` (Number) The default due duration in seconds for Cases created from the Caseplan.
- `default_ttl_seconds` (Number) The default TTL in seconds for Cases created from the Caseplan.
- `description` (String) The description of the Caseplan.
- `division_id` (String) The division to which this entity belongs. Cannot be changed after the caseplan has been published at least once.
- `intake_settings` (Block List, Max: 10) Intake field configuration when collecting case data (maps to API intakeSettings). Up to 10 entries. Read uses GET .../caseplans/{id}/versions/{version}/intakesettings because the caseplan GET response does not include this field. Cannot be changed after the caseplan has been published at least once. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--intake_settings))
- `name` (String) The name of the Caseplan.
- `reference_prefix` (String) The prefix used when creating the reference for Cases from the Caseplan. Cannot be changed after the caseplan has been published at least once.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--data_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_schema`

Required:

- `id` (String) Workitem schema id.
- `version` (Number) Workitem schema version number.


<a id="nestedblock--customer_intent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_intent`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Customer intent id (maps to customerIntentId on create).


<a id="nestedblock--default_case_owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_case_owner`

Optional:

- `id` (String) User id for default case owner (maps to defaultCaseOwnerId on create).


<a id="nestedblock--intake_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intake_settings`

Required:

- `property` (String) Property name from the bound workitem schema (data schema).

Optional:

- `display_order` (Number) Display order for this property in the intake UI. Defaults to `0`.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this property is required at intake. Defaults to `false`.

