---
page_title: "genesyscloud_conversations_messaging_supportedcontent Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud supported content
---
# genesyscloud_conversations_messaging_supportedcontent (Resource)

Genesys Cloud supported content

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [POST /api/v2/conversations/messaging/supportedcontent](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-conversations-messaging-supportedcontent)
* [GET /api/v2/conversations/messaging/supportedcontent/{supportedContentId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-conversations-messaging-supportedcontent--supportedContentId-)
* [PATCH /api/v2/conversations/messaging/supportedcontent/{supportedContentId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#patch-api-v2-conversations-messaging-supportedcontent--supportedContentId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/conversations/messaging/supportedcontent/{supportedContentId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-conversations-messaging-supportedcontent--supportedContentId-)
* [GET /api/v2/conversations/messaging/supportedcontent](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-conversations-messaging-supportedcontent)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_conversations_messaging_supportedcontent" "supported_content" {
  name = "test supported_content"
  media_types {
    allow {
      inbound {
        type = "image/*"
      }
      outbound {
        type = "video/mpeg"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the supported content profile

### Optional

- `media_types` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the allowable media that may be accepted for an inbound message or to be sent in an outbound message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--media_types))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--media_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `media_types`

Optional:

- `allow` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify allowed media types for inbound and outbound messages. If this field is empty, all inbound and outbound media will be blocked. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--media_types--allow))

<a id="nestedblock--media_types--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `media_types.allow`

Optional:

- `inbound` (Block List) List of media types allowed for inbound messages from customers. If inbound messages from a customer contain media that is not in this list, the media will be dropped from the outbound message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--media_types--allow--inbound))
- `outbound` (Block List) List of media types allowed for outbound messages to customers. If an outbound message is sent that contains media that is not in this list, the message will not be sent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--media_types--allow--outbound))

<a id="nestedblock--media_types--allow--inbound"></a>
### Nested Schema for `media_types.allow.inbound`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The media type string as defined by RFC 2046. You can define specific types such as 'image/jpeg', 'video/mpeg', or specify wild cards for a range of types, 'image/*', or all types '*/*'. See https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml for a list of registered media types.


<a id="nestedblock--media_types--allow--outbound"></a>
### Nested Schema for `media_types.allow.outbound`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The media type string as defined by RFC 2046. You can define specific types such as 'image/jpeg', 'video/mpeg', or specify wild cards for a range of types, 'image/*', or all types '*/*'. See https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml for a list of registered media types.

