---
page_title: "genesyscloud_externalcontacts_organization Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud external contacts organization
---
# genesyscloud_externalcontacts_organization (Resource)

Genesys Cloud external contacts organization

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/externalcontacts/organizations](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-externalcontacts-organizations)
* [POST /api/v2/externalcontacts/organizations](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-externalcontacts-organizations)
* [GET /api/v2/externalcontacts/organizations/{externalOrganizationId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-externalcontacts-organizations--externalOrganizationId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/externalcontacts/organizations/{externalOrganizationId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-externalcontacts-organizations--externalOrganizationId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/externalcontacts/organizations/{externalOrganizationId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-externalcontacts-organizations--externalOrganizationId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_externalcontacts_organization" "organization" {
  first_name  = "jean"
  middle_name = "jacques"
  last_name   = "dupont"
  salutation  = "salutation"
  title       = "genesys staff"
  phone_number {
    display      = "+33 0 00 00 00 00"
    extension    = 4
    accepts_sms  = false
    e164         = "+330000000000"
    country_code = "FR"
  }
  address {
    address1     = "1 rue de la paix"
    address2     = "2 rue de la paix"
    city         = "Paris"
    state        = "île-de-France"
    postal_code  = "75000"
    country_code = "FR"
  }
  twitter {
    twitter_id  = "RealABCNews"
    name        = "ABCNews"
    screen_name = "ABCNewsCorp"
  }
  tickers {
    symbol   = "ABC"
    exchange = "NYSE"
  }
  external_system_url = "https://systemUrl.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the company.

### Optional

- `address` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--address))
- `company_type` (String)
- `custom_fields` (String) JSON formatted object for custom field values defined in the schema referenced by the worktype of the workitem.
- `employee_count` (Number)
- `external_data_sources` (Block List) Links to the sources of data (e.g. one source might be a CRM) that contributed data to this record.  Read-only, and only populated when requested via expand param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--external_data_sources))
- `external_system_url` (String) A string that identifies an external system-of-record resource that may have more detailed information on the organization. It should be a valid URL (including the http/https protocol, port, and path [if any]). The value is automatically trimmed of any leading and trailing whitespace.
- `fax_number` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--fax_number))
- `industry` (String)
- `phone_number` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--phone_number))
- `primary_contact_id` (String)
- `revenue` (Number)
- `schema` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema defining custom fields for this contact (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schema))
- `tags` (List of String)
- `tickers` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tickers))
- `trustor` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trustor))
- `twitter` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--twitter))
- `websites` (List of String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address`

Optional:

- `address1` (String)
- `address2` (String)
- `city` (String)
- `country_code` (String)
- `postal_code` (String)
- `state` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--external_data_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_data_sources`

Optional:

- `platform` (String) The platform that was the source of the data.  Example: a CRM like SALESFORCE.
- `url` (String) An URL that links to the source record that contributed data to the associated entity.


<a id="nestedblock--fax_number"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fax_number`

Optional:

- `accepts_sms` (Boolean) If contact accept SMS.
- `country_code` (String) Phone number country code.
- `display` (String) Display string of the phone number.
- `e164` (String) Phone number in e164 format.
- `extension` (Number) Phone extension.


<a id="nestedblock--phone_number"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone_number`

Optional:

- `accepts_sms` (Boolean) If contact accept SMS.
- `country_code` (String) Phone number country code.
- `display` (String) Display string of the phone number.
- `e164` (String) Phone number in e164 format.
- `extension` (Number) Phone extension.


<a id="nestedblock--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The schema's enabled/disabled status. A disabled schema cannot be assigned to any other entities, but the data on those entities from the schema still exists.
- `json_schema` (Block List, Max: 1) A JSON schema defining the extension to the built-in entity type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schema--json_schema))
- `name` (String) The name of the schema.
- `schema_id` (String) The globally unique identifier for the schema. Only required if a schema is used for custom fields during external entity creation or updates.
- `version` (Number) The schema's version, a positive integer. Required for updates. Defaults to `0`.

<a id="nestedblock--schema--json_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema.json_schema`

Optional:

- `description` (String) A brief description of the custom fields
- `properties` (String) The properties for the JSON Schema document.
- `required` (List of String) The required fields in the schema
- `title` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--tickers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tickers`

Required:

- `exchange` (String) The exchange for this ticker symbol. Examples: NYSE, FTSE, NASDAQ, etc.
- `symbol` (String) The ticker symbol for this organization. Example: ININ, AAPL, MSFT, etc.


<a id="nestedblock--trustor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trustor`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If disabled no trustee user will have access, even if they were previously added.


<a id="nestedblock--twitter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `twitter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Contact twitter name.
- `screen_name` (String) Contact twitter screen name.
- `twitter_id` (String) Contact twitter id.

