---
page_title: "genesyscloud_tf_export Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud-jonesb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Resource to export Terraform config and (optionally) tfstate files to a local directory. 
      The config file is named 'genesyscloud.tf.json' or 'genesyscloud.tf', and the state file is named 'terraform.tfstate'.
---
# genesyscloud_tf_export (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Resource to export Terraform config and (optionally) tfstate files to a local directory. 
		The config file is named 'genesyscloud.tf.json' or 'genesyscloud.tf', and the state file is named 'terraform.tfstate'.

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

**No APIs**

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_tf_export" "export" {
  directory = "./terraform"
  // leaving resource_types empty will cause all exportable resources to be exported
  // export all resources of a single type by providing the resource type
  // resources can be exported by name with the syntax `resource_type::resource_name`
  resource_types     = ["genesyscloud_user", "genesyscloud_routing_queue::Marketing Queue", "genesyscloud_routing_queue::Sales Queue"]
  include_state_file = true
  exclude_attributes = ["genesyscloud_user.skills"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `directory` (String) Directory where the config and state files will be exported. Defaults to `./genesyscloud`.
- `exclude_attributes` (List of String) Attributes to exclude from the config when exporting resources. Each value should be of the form {resource_name}.{attribute}, e.g. 'genesyscloud_user.skills'. Excluded attributes must be optional.
- `export_as_hcl` (Boolean) Export the config as HCL. Defaults to `false`.
- `include_state_file` (Boolean) Export a 'terraform.tfstate' file along with the config file. This can be used for orgs to begin managing existing resources with terraform. When `false`, GUID fields will be omitted from the config file unless a resource reference can be supplied. In this case, the resource type will need to be included in the `resource_types` array. Defaults to `false`.
- `log_permission_errors` (Boolean) Log permission/product issues rather than fail. Defaults to `false`.
- `resource_types` (List of String) Resource types to export, e.g. 'genesyscloud_user'. Defaults to all exportable types.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

