---
page_title: "genesyscloud_journey_action_template Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Journey Action Template
---
# genesyscloud_journey_action_template (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Journey Action Template

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/journey/actiontemplates](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/journey/journey-apis#get-api-v2-journey-actiontemplates)
* [POST /api/v2/journey/actiontemplates](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/journey/journey-apis#post-api-v2-journey-actiontemplates)
* [GET /api/v2/journey/actiontemplates/{actionTemplateId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/journey/journey-apis#get-api-v2-journey-actiontemplates--actionTemplateId-)
* [PATCH /api/v2/journey/actiontemplates/{actionTemplateId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/journey/journey-apis#patch-api-v2-journey-actiontemplates--actionTemplateId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/journey/actiontemplates/{actionTemplateId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/journey/journey-apis#delete-api-v2-journey-actiontemplates--actionTemplateId-)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `media_type` (String) The media type of the action configured by the action template.
- `name` (String) Name of the action template.
- `state` (String) The state of the action template.

### Optional

- `content_offer` (Block Set) Properties for configuring a content offer action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer))
- `description` (String) Description of the action template's functionality.
- `version` (Number) The version of the action template.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--content_offer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer`

Required:

- `display_mode` (String) The display mode used by Genesys Widgets when displaying the content offer.
- `layout_mode` (String) The layout mode used by Genesys Widgets when displaying the content offer.

Optional:

- `body` (String) Body text of the content offer.
- `call_to_action` (Block Set) Properties customizing the call to action button on the content offer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer--call_to_action))
- `headline` (String) Headline displayed above the body text of the content offer.
- `image_url` (String) URL for image displayed on the content offer.
- `style` (Block Set) Properties customizing the styling of the content offer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer--style))
- `title` (String) Title in the header of the content offer.

<a id="nestedblock--content_offer--call_to_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer.call_to_action`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL to open when user clicks on the call to action button.

Optional:

- `target` (String) Where should the URL be opened when the user clicks on the call to action button.
- `text` (String) Text displayed on the call to action button.


<a id="nestedblock--content_offer--style"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer.style`

Optional:

- `body` (Block Set) Properties for customizing the appearance of the body text. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer--style--body))
- `close_button` (Block Set) Properties for customizing the appearance of the close button. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer--style--close_button))
- `cta_button` (Block Set) Properties for customizing the appearance of the CTA button. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer--style--cta_button))
- `headline` (Block Set) Properties for customizing the appearance of the headline text. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer--style--headline))
- `offer` (Block Set) Properties for customizing the appearance of the content offer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer--style--offer))
- `position` (Block Set) Properties for customizing the positioning of the content offer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer--style--position))
- `title` (Block Set) Properties for customizing the appearance of the title text. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content_offer--style--title))

<a id="nestedblock--content_offer--style--body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer.style.body`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Color of the text.
- `font` (String) Font of the text.
- `font_size` (String) Font size of the text.
- `text_align` (String) Text alignment.


<a id="nestedblock--content_offer--style--close_button"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer.style.close_button`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Color of button.
- `opacity` (Number) Opacity of button.


<a id="nestedblock--content_offer--style--cta_button"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer.style.cta_button`

Optional:

- `background_color` (String) Background color of the CTA button.
- `color` (String) Color of the text.
- `font` (String) Font of the text.
- `font_size` (String) Font size of the text.
- `text_align` (String) Text alignment.


<a id="nestedblock--content_offer--style--headline"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer.style.headline`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Color of the text.
- `font` (String) Font of the text.
- `font_size` (String) Font size of the text.
- `text_align` (String) Text alignment.


<a id="nestedblock--content_offer--style--offer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer.style.offer`

Optional:

- `background_color` (String) Background color of the offer.
- `color` (String) Text color of the offer.
- `padding` (String) Padding of the offer.


<a id="nestedblock--content_offer--style--position"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer.style.position`

Optional:

- `bottom` (String) Bottom positioning offset.
- `left` (String) Left positioning offset.
- `right` (String) Right positioning offset.
- `top` (String) Top positioning offset.


<a id="nestedblock--content_offer--style--title"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_offer.style.title`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Color of the text.
- `font` (String) Font of the text.
- `font_size` (String) Font size of the text.
- `text_align` (String) Text alignment.

