---
page_title: "genesyscloud_journey_action_map Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Journey Action Map
---
# genesyscloud_journey_action_map (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Journey Action Map

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/journey/actionmaps](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/digital/webmessaging/journey/journey-apis#get-api-v2-journey-actionmaps)
* [POST /api/v2/journey/actionmaps](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/digital/webmessaging/journey/journey-apis#post-api-v2-journey-actionmaps)
* [GET /api/v2/journey/actionmaps/{actionMapId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/digital/webmessaging/journey/journey-apis#get-api-v2-journey-actionmaps--actionMapId-)
* [PATCH /api/v2/journey/actionmaps/{actionMapId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/digital/webmessaging/journey/journey-apis#patch-api-v2-journey-actionmaps--actionMapId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/journey/actionmaps/{actionMapId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/commdigital/digital/webmessaging/journey/journey-apis#delete-api-v2-journey-actionmaps--actionMapId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_journey_action_map" "example_journey_action_map" {
  display_name          = "journey_action_map_1"
  start_date            = "2023-01-02T15:04:05.000000"
  trigger_with_segments = [genesyscloud_journey_segment.segment.id]
  action {
    media_type = "architectFlow"
    architect_flow_fields {
      architect_flow_id = genesyscloud_flow.flow.id
    }
  }
  activation {
    type = "immediate"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) The action that will be executed if this action map is triggered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action))
- `activation` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) Type of activation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--activation))
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the action map.
- `start_date` (String) Timestamp at which the action map is scheduled to start firing. Date time is represented as an ISO-8601 string without a timezone. For example: 2006-01-02T15:04:05.000000.

### Optional

- `action_map_schedule_groups` (Block Set, Max: 1) The action map's associated schedule groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action_map_schedule_groups))
- `end_date` (String) Timestamp at which the action map is scheduled to stop firing. Date time is represented as an ISO-8601 string without a timezone. For example: 2006-01-02T15:04:05.000000.
- `ignore_frequency_cap` (Boolean) Override organization-level frequency cap and always offer web engagements from this action map. Defaults to `false`.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Whether the action map is active. Defaults to `true`.
- `page_url_conditions` (Block Set) URL conditions that a page must match for web actions to be displayable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--page_url_conditions))
- `trigger_with_event_conditions` (Block Set) List of event conditions that must be satisfied to trigger the action map. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trigger_with_event_conditions))
- `trigger_with_outcome_probability_conditions` (Block Set, Deprecated) Probability conditions for outcomes that must be satisfied to trigger the action map. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trigger_with_outcome_probability_conditions))
- `trigger_with_outcome_quantile_conditions` (Block Set) Quantile conditions for outcomes that must be satisfied to trigger the action map. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trigger_with_outcome_quantile_conditions))
- `trigger_with_segments` (Set of String) Trigger action map if any segment in the list is assigned to a given customer.
- `weight` (Number) Weight of the action map with higher number denoting higher weight. Low=1, Medium=2, High=3. Defaults to `2`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Required:

- `media_type` (String) Media type of action. Valid values: webchat, webMessagingOffer, contentOffer, architectFlow, openAction.

Optional:

- `action_template_id` (String) Action template associated with the action map. For media type contentOffer.
- `architect_flow_fields` (Block Set, Max: 1) Architect Flow Id and input contract. For media type architectFlow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action--architect_flow_fields))
- `is_pacing_enabled` (Boolean) Whether this action should be throttled. Defaults to `true`.
- `open_action_fields` (Block Set, Max: 1) Admin-configurable fields of an open action. For media type openAction. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action--open_action_fields))
- `web_messaging_offer_fields` (Block Set, Max: 1) Admin-configurable fields of a web messaging offer action. For media type webMessagingOffer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action--web_messaging_offer_fields))

<a id="nestedblock--action--architect_flow_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.architect_flow_fields`

Required:

- `architect_flow_id` (String) The architect flow.

Optional:

- `flow_request_mappings` (Block Set) Collection of Architect Flow Request Mappings to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action--architect_flow_fields--flow_request_mappings))

<a id="nestedblock--action--architect_flow_fields--flow_request_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.architect_flow_fields.flow_request_mappings`

Required:

- `attribute_type` (String) Type of the value supplied. Valid values: String, Number, Integer, Boolean.
- `mapping_type` (String) Method of finding value to use with Attribute. Valid values: Lookup, HardCoded.
- `name` (String) Name of the Integration Action Attribute to supply the value for
- `value` (String) Value to supply for the specified Attribute



<a id="nestedblock--action--open_action_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.open_action_fields`

Required:

- `open_action` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) The specific type of the open action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action--open_action_fields--open_action))

Optional:

- `configuration_fields` (String) Custom fields defined in the schema referenced by the open action type selected.

<a id="nestedblock--action--open_action_fields--open_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.open_action_fields.open_action`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id.
- `name` (String) Name.



<a id="nestedblock--action--web_messaging_offer_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.web_messaging_offer_fields`

Optional:

- `architect_flow_id` (String) Flow to be invoked, overrides default flow when specified.
- `offer_text` (String) Text value to be used when inviting a visitor to engage with a web messaging offer.



<a id="nestedblock--activation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `activation`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of activation. Valid values: immediate, on-next-visit, on-next-session, delay.

Optional:

- `delay_in_seconds` (Number) Activation delay time amount.


<a id="nestedblock--action_map_schedule_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_map_schedule_groups`

Required:

- `action_map_schedule_group_id` (String) The actions map's associated schedule group.

Optional:

- `emergency_action_map_schedule_group_id` (String) The action map's associated emergency schedule group.


<a id="nestedblock--page_url_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `page_url_conditions`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The comparison operator. Valid values: containsAll, containsAny, notContainsAll, notContainsAny, equal, notEqual, greaterThan, greaterThanOrEqual, lessThan, lessThanOrEqual, startsWith, endsWith.
- `values` (Set of String) The URL condition value.


<a id="nestedblock--trigger_with_event_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger_with_event_conditions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The event key.
- `session_type` (String) The session type for which this condition can be satisfied. Valid values: web, app.
- `stream_type` (String) The stream type for which this condition can be satisfied. Valid values: Web, App.
- `values` (Set of String) The event values.

Optional:

- `event_name` (String) The name of the event for which this condition can be satisfied.
- `operator` (String) The comparison operator. Valid values: containsAll, containsAny, notContainsAll, notContainsAny, equal, notEqual, greaterThan, greaterThanOrEqual, lessThan, lessThanOrEqual, startsWith, endsWith. Defaults to `equal`.


<a id="nestedblock--trigger_with_outcome_probability_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger_with_outcome_probability_conditions`

Required:

- `maximum_probability` (Number) Probability value for the selected outcome at or above which the action map will trigger.
- `outcome_id` (String) The outcome ID.

Optional:

- `probability` (Number) Additional probability condition, where if set, the action map will trigger if the current outcome probability is lower or equal to the value.


<a id="nestedblock--trigger_with_outcome_quantile_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger_with_outcome_quantile_conditions`

Required:

- `max_quantile_threshold` (Number) This Outcome Quantile Condition is met when sessionMaxQuantile of the OutcomeScore is above this value, (unless fallbackQuantile is set). Range 0.00-1.00
- `outcome_id` (String) The outcome ID.

Optional:

- `fallback_quantile_threshold` (Number) If set, this Condition is met when max_quantile_threshold is met, AND the current quantile of the OutcomeScore is below this fallback_quantile_threshold. Range 0.00-1.00

