---
page_title: "genesyscloud_oauth_client Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud OAuth Clients. See this page for detailed configuration information: https://help.mypurecloud.com/articles/create-an-oauth-client/
---
# genesyscloud_oauth_client (Resource)

Genesys Cloud OAuth Clients. See this page for detailed configuration information: https://help.mypurecloud.com/articles/create-an-oauth-client/

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/oauth/clients](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/oauth/#get-api-v2-oauth-clients)
* [GET /api/v2/oauth/clients/{clientId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/oauth/#get-api-v2-oauth-clients--clientId-)
* [POST /api/v2/oauth/clients](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/oauth/#post-api-v2-oauth-clients)
* [PUT /api/v2/oauth/clients/{clientId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/oauth/#put-api-v2-oauth-clients--clientId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/oauth/clients/{clientId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/oauth/#delete-api-v2-oauth-clients--clientId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_oauth_client" "example_client_credential" {
  name                          = "Example OAuth Client"
  description                   = "For example purposes only"
  access_token_validity_seconds = 600
  registered_redirect_uris      = ["https://example.com/auth"]
  authorized_grant_type         = "CODE"
  scopes                        = ["users"]
  state                         = "active"
  # roles {
  #   // Roles are only applicable to CLIENT-CREDENTIALS grants
  #   role_id     = genesyscloud_auth_role.agent_role.id
  #   division_id = data.genesyscloud_auth_division_home.home.id
  # }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authorized_grant_type` (String) The OAuth Grant/Client type supported by this client (CODE | TOKEN | SAML2-BEARER | PASSWORD | CLIENT-CREDENTIALS).
- `name` (String) The name of the OAuth client.

### Optional

- `access_token_validity_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds, between 5mins and 48hrs, until tokens created with this client expire. Only clients using Genesys Cloud SCIM (Identity Management) can have a maximum duration of 38880000secs/450 days. Defaults to `86400`.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Place holder that can be referred in integration_credential fields. Sensitive info. Only populated when expose_client_secret is true.
- `description` (String) The description of the OAuth client.
- `directory_client_secret` (String) Directory where the secret can be stored.
- `expose_client_secret` (Boolean) Set this attribute to true to expose the client_secret as a sensitive output. This stores the secret in the Terraform state Defaults to `false`.
- `integration_credential_name` (String) Optionally, a Name of a Integration Credential (with credential type pureCloudOAuthClient) to be created using this new OAuth Client.
- `registered_redirect_uris` (Set of String) List of allowed callbacks for this client. For example: https://myapp.example.com/auth/callback.
- `roles` (Block Set) Set of roles and their corresponding divisions associated with this client. Roles must be set for clients using the CLIENT-CREDENTIALS grant. The roles must also already be assigned to the OAuth Client used by Terraform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--roles))
- `scopes` (Set of String) The scopes requested by this client. Scopes must be set for clients not using the CLIENT-CREDENTIALS grant.
- `state` (String) The state of the OAuth client (active | inactive). Access tokens cannot be created with inactive clients. Defaults to `active`.

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String) Place holder that can be referred in integration_credential fields.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `integration_credential_id` (String) The Id of the created Integration Credential using this new OAuth Client.

<a id="nestedblock--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles`

Required:

- `role_id` (String) Role to be associated with the given division which forms a grant.

Optional:

- `division_id` (String) Division associated with the given role which forms a grant. If not set, the home division will be used. '*' may be set for all divisions.

