---
page_title: "genesyscloud_organization_presence_definition Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud organization presence definition
---
# genesyscloud_organization_presence_definition (Resource)

Genesys Cloud organization presence definition

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [POST /api/v2/presence/definitions](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-presence-definitions)
* [GET /api/v2/presence/definitions/{definitionId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-presence-definitions--definitionId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/presence/definitions/{definitionId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-presence-definitions--definitionId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/presence/definitions/{definitionId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-presence-definitions--definitionId-)
* [GET /api/v2/presence/definitions](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-presence-definitions)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_organization_presence_definition" "Away_From_Keyboard" {
  system_presence = "Away"
  language_labels = {
    en_US = "From Keyboard"
    es    = "del teclado"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `language_labels` (Map of String) The localized language labels for the presence definition. Valid labels include: ar, cs, da, de, en, en_US, es, fi, fr, he, hi, it, ja, ko, nl, no, pl, pt, pt_BR, pt_PT, ru, sv, th, tr, uk, zh_CN, zh_TW
- `system_presence` (String) System presence to create presence definition for. Once presence definition is created, this cannot be changed. Valid presences include: Available, Away, Break, Busy, Meal, Meeting, Training, OnQueue, Offline, Idle

### Optional

- `deactivated` (Boolean) If true, the presence definition is not active. If not set, the presence definition defaults to active.
- `division_id` (String) The division to which the presence definition will belong. If not set, the presence definition will apply to all divisions.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

