---
page_title: "genesyscloud_outbound_dnclist Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Outbound DNC List
---
# genesyscloud_outbound_dnclist (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Outbound DNC List

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/outbound/dnclists](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-dnclists)
* [POST /api/v2/outbound/dnclists](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-outbound-dnclists)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/dnclists/{dncListId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-dnclists--dncListId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/outbound/dnclists/{dncListId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-outbound-dnclists--dncListId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/outbound/dnclists/{dncListId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-outbound-dnclists--dncListId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_outbound_dnclist" "dnc_list" {
  name            = "Example DNC List"
  dnc_source_type = "dnc.com"
  login_id        = "1VC392SER23T1534DS23TGFR43JS63D7FS78G88TR9A9"
  dnc_codes       = ["B", "F", "S"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dnc_source_type` (String) The type of the DNC List. Changing the dnc_source_attribute will cause the outbound_dnclist object to be dropped and recreated with new ID.
- `name` (String) The name of the DncList.

### Optional

- `campaign_id` (String) A dnc.com campaignId. Optional if the dncSourceType is dnc.com.
- `contact_method` (String) The contact method. Required if dncSourceType is rds.
- `custom_exclusion_column` (String) The column to evaluate exclusion against. Required if the dncSourceType is rds_custom. Since custom_exclusion_column cannot be updated, changing this value after deployment 
				will cause the dnc list to be destroyed and recreated with a new GUID.
- `division_id` (String) The division this DNC List belongs to.
- `dnc_codes` (List of String) The list of dnc.com codes to be treated as DNC. Required if the dncSourceType is dnc.com.
- `entries` (Block List) Rows to add to the DNC list. To emulate removing phone numbers, you can set expiration_date to a date in the past. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--entries))
- `license_id` (String) A gryphon license number. Required if the dncSourceType is gryphon.
- `login_id` (String) A dnc.com loginId. Required if the dncSourceType is dnc.com.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries`

Optional:

- `expiration_date` (String) Expiration date for DNC phone numbers in yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mmZ format.
- `phone_numbers` (List of String) Phone numbers to add to a DNC list. Only possible if the dncSourceType is rds.  Phone numbers must be in an E.164 number format.

