---
page_title: "genesyscloud_outbound_contactlistfilter Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Outbound Contact List Filter
---
# genesyscloud_outbound_contactlistfilter (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Outbound Contact List Filter

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/outbound/contactlistfilters](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-contactlistfilters)
* [POST /api/v2/outbound/contactlistfilters](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-outbound-contactlistfilters)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/contactlistfilters/{contactListFilterId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-contactlistfilters--contactListFilterId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/outbound/contactlistfilters/{contactListFilterId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-outbound-contactlistfilters--contactListFilterId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/outbound/contactlistfilters/{contactListFilterId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-outbound-contactlistfilters--contactListFilterId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_outbound_contactlistfilter" "contact_list_filter" {
  name            = "Example CLF"
  contact_list_id = genesyscloud_outbound_contact_list.contact_list.id
  filter_type     = "OR"
  clauses {
    filter_type = "OR"
    predicates {
      column      = "Zipcode"
      column_type = "alphabetic"
      operator    = "EQUALS"
      value       = "ABC12345"
      inverted    = false
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the list.

### Optional

- `clauses` (Block List) Groups of conditions to filter the contacts by. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--clauses))
- `contact_list_id` (String) The contact list the filter is based on. Mutually exclusive to 'contact_list_template_id', however, one of the two must be specified
- `contact_list_template_id` (String) The contact list template the filter is based on. Mutually exclusive to 'contact_list_id', however, one of the two must be specified.
- `filter_type` (String) How to join clauses together.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--clauses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clauses`

Optional:

- `filter_type` (String) How to join predicates together.
- `predicates` (Block List) Conditions to filter the contacts by. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--clauses--predicates))

<a id="nestedblock--clauses--predicates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clauses.predicates`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator for this contact list filter predicate.
- `value` (String) Value with which to compare the contact's data. This could be text, a number, or a relative time. A value for relative time should follow the format PxxDTyyHzzM, where xx, yy, and zz specify the days, hours and minutes. For example, a value of P01DT08H30M corresponds to 1 day, 8 hours, and 30 minutes from now. To specify a time in the past, include a negative sign before each numeric value. For example, a value of P-01DT-08H-30M corresponds to 1 day, 8 hours, and 30 minutes in the past. You can also do things like P01DT00H-30M, which would correspond to 23 hours and 30 minutes from now (1 day - 30 minutes).

Optional:

- `column` (String) Contact list column from the contact list filter's contact list.
- `column_type` (String) The type of data in the contact column.
- `inverted` (Boolean) Inverts the result of the predicate (i.e., if the predicate returns true, inverting it will return false).
- `var_range` (Block Set, Max: 1) A range of values. Required for operators BETWEEN and IN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--clauses--predicates--var_range))

<a id="nestedblock--clauses--predicates--var_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clauses.predicates.var_range`

Optional:

- `in_set` (List of String) A set of values that the contact data should be in. Required for the IN operator.
- `max` (String) The maximum value of the range. Required for the operator BETWEEN.
- `max_inclusive` (Boolean) Whether or not to include the maximum in the range.
- `min` (String) The minimum value of the range. Required for the operator BETWEEN.
- `min_inclusive` (Boolean) Whether or not to include the minimum in the range.

