---
page_title: "genesyscloud_outbound_contact_list_contact Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Outbound Contact List Contact
---
# genesyscloud_outbound_contact_list_contact (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Outbound Contact List Contact

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

- [POST /api/v2/outbound/contactlists/{contactListId}/contacts](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-outbound-contactlists--contactListId--contacts)
- [GET /api/v2/outbound/contactlists/{contactListId}/contacts/{contactId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-contactlists--contactListId--contacts--contactId-)
- [PUT /api/v2/outbound/contactlists/{contactListId}/contacts/{contactId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-outbound-contactlists--contactListId--contacts--contactId-)
- [DELETE /api/v2/outbound/contactlists/{contactListId}/contacts/{contactId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-outbound-contactlists--contactListId--contacts--contactId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_outbound_contact_list_contact" "contact" {
  contact_list_id = genesyscloud_outbound_contact_list.contact_list.id
  callable        = true
  data = {
    Cell  = "+1111111"
    Home  = "+2222222"
    Email = "example@email.com"
  }
  phone_number_status {
    key      = "Cell"
    callable = true
  }
  phone_number_status {
    key      = "Home"
    callable = false
  }
  contactable_status {
    media_type  = "Voice"
    contactable = true
    column_status {
      column      = "Cell"
      contactable = true
    }
    column_status {
      column      = "Home"
      contactable = false
    }
  }
  contactable_status {
    media_type  = "Email"
    contactable = true
    column_status {
      column      = "Email"
      contactable = true
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contact_list_id` (String) The identifier of the contact list containing this contact.
- `data` (Map of String) An ordered map of the contact's columns and corresponding values.

### Optional

- `callable` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the contact can be called. Defaults to `false`.
- `clear_system_data` (Boolean) Clear system data. True means the system columns (attempts, callable status, etc) stored on the contact will be cleared if the contact already exists; false means they won't. 
Only applicable on the creation of a contact, so updating this field will force the contact to be deleted from the contact list and re-uploaded.
- `contactable_status` (Block Set) A map of media types (Voice, SMS and Email) to ContactableStatus, which indicates if the contact can be contacted using the specified media type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--contactable_status))
- `do_not_queue` (Boolean) Do not queue. True means that updated contacts will not have their positions in the queue altered, so contacts that have already been dialed will not be redialed. 
For new contacts, this parameter has no effect; False means that updated contacts will be re-queued, according to the 'priority' parameter. 
Only applicable on the creation of a contact, so updating this field will force the contact to be deleted from the contact list and re-uploaded.
- `phone_number_status` (Block Set) A map of phone number columns to PhoneNumberStatuses, which indicate if the phone number is callable or not. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--phone_number_status))
- `priority` (Boolean) Contact priority. True means the contact(s) will be dialed next; false means the contact will go to the end of the contact queue. 
Only applicable on the creation of a contact, so updating this field will force the contact to be deleted from the contact list and re-uploaded.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--contactable_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `contactable_status`

Required:

- `contactable` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the entire contact is contactable for the associated media type.
- `media_type` (String) The key which identifies the media type (Voice, SMS and Email).

Optional:

- `column_status` (Block Set) A map of individual contact method columns to whether the individual column is contactable for the associated media type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--contactable_status--column_status))

<a id="nestedblock--contactable_status--column_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `contactable_status.column_status`

Required:

- `column` (String) The key which identifies the contact method column.
- `contactable` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not an individual contact method column is contactable.



<a id="nestedblock--phone_number_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone_number_status`

Required:

- `callable` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not a phone number is callable.
- `key` (String) Phone number column identifier.

