---
page_title: "genesyscloud_outbound_campaign Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud outbound campaign
---
# genesyscloud_outbound_campaign (Resource)

Genesys Cloud outbound campaign

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [POST /api/v2/outbound/campaigns](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-outbound-campaigns)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/campaigns/{campaignId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-campaigns--campaignId-)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/campaigns](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-campaigns)
* [DELETE /api/v2/outbound/campaigns/{campaignId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-outbound-campaigns--campaignId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/outbound/campaigns/{campaignId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-outbound-campaigns--campaignId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
# When exporting outbound campaigns, any campaign with campaign_status = "stopping" will be
# given 5 minutes to stop. If it does not stop in that time it will not be exported.
# This is to avoid the exporter crashing when trying to export a campaign in the stopping state
resource "genesyscloud_outbound_campaign" "campaign" {
  name                          = "Example Voice Campaign"
  dialing_mode                  = "agentless"
  caller_name                   = "John Doe"
  caller_address                = "+123456789"
  outbound_line_count           = 2
  campaign_status               = "off"
  contact_list_id               = genesyscloud_outbound_contact_list.contact_list.id
  site_id                       = genesyscloud_telephony_providers_edges_site.site.id
  call_analysis_response_set_id = genesyscloud_outbound_callanalysisresponseset.car.id
  phone_columns {
    column_name = "Cell"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `caller_address` (String) The caller id phone number to be displayed on the outbound call.
- `caller_name` (String) The caller id name to be displayed on the outbound call.
- `contact_list_id` (String) The ContactList for this Campaign to dial.
- `dialing_mode` (String) The strategy this Campaign will use for dialing.
- `name` (String) The name of the Campaign.
- `phone_columns` (Block List, Min: 1) The ContactPhoneNumberColumns on the ContactList that this Campaign should dial. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--phone_columns))

### Optional

- `abandon_rate` (Number) The targeted abandon rate percentage. Required for progressive, power, and predictive campaigns.
- `always_running` (Boolean) Indicates (when true) that the campaign will remain on after contacts are depleted, allowing additional contacts to be appended/added to the contact list and processed by the still-running campaign. The campaign can still be turned off manually.
- `call_analysis_language` (String) The language the edge will use to analyze the call.
- `call_analysis_response_set_id` (String) The call analysis response set to handle call analysis results from the edge. Required for all dialing modes except preview.
- `callable_time_set_id` (String) The callable time set for this campaign to check before placing a call.
- `campaign_status` (String) The current status of the Campaign. A Campaign may be turned 'on' or 'off' (default). If this value is changed alongside other changes to the resource, a subsequent update will occur immediately afterwards to set the campaign status. This is due to behavioral requirements in the Genesys Cloud API.
- `contact_list_filter_ids` (List of String) Filter to apply to the contact list before dialing. Currently a campaign can only have one filter applied.
- `contact_sorts` (Block List) The order in which to sort contacts for dialing, based on up to four columns. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--contact_sorts))
- `division_id` (String) The division this campaign belongs to.
- `dnc_list_ids` (List of String) DncLists for this Campaign to check before placing a call.
- `dynamic_contact_queueing_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for dynamic queueing of contacts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dynamic_contact_queueing_settings))
- `edge_group_id` (String) The EdgeGroup that will place the calls. Required for all dialing modes except preview.
- `max_calls_per_agent` (Number) The maximum number of calls that can be placed per agent on this campaign.
- `no_answer_timeout` (Number) How long to wait before dispositioning a call as 'no-answer'. Default 30 seconds. Only applicable to non-preview campaigns.
- `outbound_line_count` (Number) The number of outbound lines to be concurrently dialed. Only applicable to non-preview campaigns; only required for agentless.
- `preview_time_out_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds before a call will be automatically placed on a preview. A value of 0 indicates no automatic placement of calls. Only applicable to preview campaigns.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of this campaign relative to other campaigns that are running on the same queue. 5 is the highest priority, 1 the lowest.
- `queue_id` (String) The Queue for this Campaign to route calls to. Required for all dialing modes except agentless.
- `rule_set_ids` (List of String) Rule sets to be applied while this campaign is dialing.
- `script_id` (String) The Script to be displayed to agents that are handling outbound calls. Required for all dialing modes except agentless.
- `site_id` (String) The identifier of the site to be used for dialing; can be set in place of an edge group.
- `skip_preview_disabled` (Boolean) Whether or not agents can skip previews without placing a call. Only applicable for preview campaigns.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--phone_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone_columns`

Required:

- `column_name` (String) The name of the phone column.


<a id="nestedblock--contact_sorts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `contact_sorts`

Required:

- `field_name` (String) The field name by which to sort contacts.

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The direction in which to sort contacts. Defaults to `ASC`.
- `numeric` (Boolean) Whether or not the column contains numeric data. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--dynamic_contact_queueing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_contact_queueing_settings`

Required:

- `sort` (Boolean) Whether to sort contacts dynamically.

