---
page_title: "genesyscloud_outbound_messagingcampaign Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud outbound messagingcampaign
---
# genesyscloud_outbound_messagingcampaign (Resource)

Genesys Cloud outbound messagingcampaign

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [POST /api/v2/outbound/messagingcampaigns](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-outbound-messagingcampaigns)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/messagingcampaigns/{messagingCampaignId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-messagingcampaigns--messagingCampaignId-)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/messagingcampaigns](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-messagingcampaigns)
* [DELETE /api/v2/outbound/messagingcampaigns/{messagingCampaignId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-outbound-messagingcampaigns--messagingCampaignId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/outbound/messagingcampaigns/{messagingCampaignId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-outbound-messagingcampaigns--messagingCampaignId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_outbound_messagingcampaign" "example_outbound_messagingcampaign" {
  name                 = "Example Messaging Campaign"
  division_id          = data.genesyscloud_auth_division_home.home.id
  campaign_status      = "off" // Possible values: on, off
  callable_time_set_id = genesyscloud_outbound_callabletimeset.example_callable_time_set.id
  contact_list_id      = genesyscloud_outbound_contact_list.contact_list.id
  dnc_list_ids         = [genesyscloud_outbound_dnclist.dnc_list.id]
  always_running       = true
  contact_sorts {
    field_name = "Last Name"
    direction  = "ASC"
    numeric    = false
  }
  messages_per_minute     = 10
  contact_list_filter_ids = [genesyscloud_outbound_contactlistfilter.contact_list_filter.id]
  sms_config {
    phone_column            = "Cell"
    sender_sms_phone_number = local.sms_phone_number // "+123456789"
    content_template_id     = genesyscloud_responsemanagement_response.example_responsemanagement_response_sms.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contact_list_id` (String) The contact list that this messaging campaign will send messages for.
- `messages_per_minute` (Number) How many messages this messaging campaign will send per minute.
- `name` (String) The campaign name.

### Optional

- `always_running` (Boolean) Whether this messaging campaign is always running Defaults to `false`.
- `callable_time_set_id` (String) The callable time set for this messaging campaign.
- `campaign_status` (String) The current status of the messaging campaign. A messaging campaign may be turned 'on' or 'off'.
- `contact_list_filter_ids` (List of String) The contact list filter to check before sending a message for this messaging campaign.
- `contact_sorts` (Block List) The order in which to sort contacts for dialing, based on up to four columns. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--contact_sorts))
- `division_id` (String) The division this entity belongs to.
- `dnc_list_ids` (Set of String) The dnc lists to check before sending a message for this messaging campaign.
- `dynamic_contact_queueing_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Indicates (when true) that the campaign supports dynamic queueing of the contact list at the time of a request for contacts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dynamic_contact_queueing_settings))
- `email_config` (Block Set, Max: 1) Configuration for this messaging campaign to send Email messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--email_config))
- `errors` (Block List) A list of current error conditions associated with this messaging campaign. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--errors))
- `rule_set_ids` (List of String) Rule Sets to be applied while this campaign is sending messages
- `sms_config` (Block Set, Max: 1) Configuration for this messaging campaign to send SMS messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sms_config))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--contact_sorts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `contact_sorts`

Required:

- `field_name` (String) The field name by which to sort contacts.

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The direction in which to sort contacts. Defaults to `ASC`.
- `numeric` (Boolean) Whether or not the column contains numeric data. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--dynamic_contact_queueing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_contact_queueing_settings`

Optional:

- `filter` (Boolean) Whether to filter contacts dynamically
- `sort` (Boolean) Whether to sort contacts dynamically


<a id="nestedblock--email_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email_config`

Required:

- `email_columns` (List of String) The contact list columns specifying the email address(es) of the contact.
- `from_address` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The email address that will be used as the sender of the email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--email_config--from_address))

Optional:

- `content_template_id` (String) The content template used to formulate the email to send to the contact.
- `reply_to_address` (Block List, Max: 1) The email address from which any reply will be sent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--email_config--reply_to_address))

<a id="nestedblock--email_config--from_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email_config.from_address`

Required:

- `domain_id` (String) The OutboundDomain used for the email address.

Optional:

- `friendly_name` (String) The friendly name of the email address.
- `local_part` (String) The local part of the email address.


<a id="nestedblock--email_config--reply_to_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email_config.reply_to_address`

Required:

- `domain_id` (String) The InboundDomain used for the email address.
- `route_id` (String) The InboundRoute used for the email address.



<a id="nestedblock--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors`

Required:

- `error` (String) name of the error

Optional:

- `details` (String) additional information regarding the error


<a id="nestedblock--sms_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sms_config`

Required:

- `phone_column` (String) The Contact List column specifying the phone number to send a message to.
- `sender_sms_phone_number` (String) A phone number provisioned for SMS communications in E.164 format. E.g. +13175555555 or +34234234234

Optional:

- `content_template_id` (String) The content template used to formulate the message to send to the contact.
- `message_column` (String) The Contact List column specifying the message to send to the contact.

