---
page_title: "genesyscloud_outbound_campaignrule Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud outbound campaign rule
---
# genesyscloud_outbound_campaignrule (Resource)

<!-- This document is automatically generated. Do not edit manually. Make changes to the schema, examples, or apis.md files in examples/resources/ and run 'make docs' to regenerate. -->

Genesys Cloud outbound campaign rule

## API Usage

The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/outbound/campaignrules](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-campaignrules)
* [POST /api/v2/outbound/campaignrules](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-outbound-campaignrules)
* [DELETE /api/v2/outbound/campaignrules/{campaignRuleId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-outbound-campaignrules--campaignRuleId-)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/campaignrules/{campaignRuleId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-campaignrules--campaignRuleId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/outbound/campaignrules/{campaignRuleId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-outbound-campaignrules--campaignRuleId-)

## Permissions and Scopes

The following permissions are required to use this resource:

* `outbound:campaignRule:add`
* `outbound:campaignRule:delete`
* `outbound:campaignRule:edit`
* `outbound:campaignRule:view`

The following OAuth scopes are required to use this resource:

* `outbound`
* `outbound:readonly`


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_outbound_campaignrule" "campaign_rule" {
  name                 = "Campaign Rule X"
  enabled              = false
  match_any_conditions = false
  campaign_rule_entities {
    campaign_ids = [genesyscloud_outbound_campaign.campaign.id]
    sequence_ids = [genesyscloud_outbound_sequence.example_outbound_sequence.id]
  }
  campaign_rule_conditions {
    condition_type = "campaignProgress"
    parameters {
      operator     = "lessThan"
      value        = "0.5"
      dialing_mode = "preview"
      priority     = "2"
    }
  }
  campaign_rule_actions {
    action_type = "turnOnCampaign"
    campaign_rule_action_entities {
      campaign_ids          = [genesyscloud_outbound_campaign.campaign2.id]
      use_triggering_entity = false
    }
    parameters {
      operator     = "lessThan"
      value        = "0.4"
      dialing_mode = "preview"
      priority     = "2"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `campaign_rule_actions` (Block List, Min: 1) The list of actions that are executed if the conditions are satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_actions))
- `campaign_rule_entities` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) The list of entities that this campaign rule monitors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_entities))
- `name` (String) The name of the campaign rule.

### Optional

- `campaign_rule_conditions` (Block List) The list of conditions that are evaluated on the entities. Required when not using condition_groups (campaign_rule_processing "v2"). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions))
- `campaign_rule_processing` (String) Campaign rule processing algorithm. Use "v2" to enable condition groups.
- `condition_groups` (Block List) List of condition groups that are evaluated, used only with campaignRuleProcessing="v2". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not this campaign rule is currently enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `execution_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Campaign rule execution settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--execution_settings))
- `match_any_conditions` (Boolean) Whether actions are executed if any condition is met, or only when all conditions are met. Defaults to `false`.
- `time_zone_id` (String) Optional. Used for date/time conditions. If omitted, Genesys Cloud defaults to UTC.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_actions`

Required:

- `action_type` (String) The action to take on the campaignRuleActionEntities (turnOnCampaign | turnOffCampaign | turnOnSequence | turnOffSequence | setCampaignPriority | recycleCampaign | setCampaignDialingMode | setCampaignAbandonRate | setCampaignNumberOfLines | setCampaignWeight | setCampaignMaxCallsPerAgent | changeCampaignQueue | changeCampaignTemplate | setCampaignMessagesPerMinute)
- `campaign_rule_action_entities` (Block Set, Min: 1) The list of entities that this action will apply to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_actions--campaign_rule_action_entities))

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the CampaignRuleAction.
- `parameters` (Block Set) The parameters for the CampaignRuleAction. Required for certain actionTypes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_actions--parameters))

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_actions--campaign_rule_action_entities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_actions.campaign_rule_action_entities`

Optional:

- `campaign_ids` (List of String) The list of campaigns for a CampaignRule to monitor. Required if the CampaignRule has any conditions that run on a campaign. Changing the outboundCampaignRuleEntityCampaignRuleId attribute will cause the outbound_campaignrule object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.
- `email_campaign_ids` (List of String) The list of Email campaigns for a CampaignRule to monitor. Required if the CampaignRule has any conditions that run on an Email campaign. Changing the outboundCampaignRuleEntityCampaignRuleId attribute will cause the outbound_campaignrule object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.
- `sequence_ids` (List of String) The list of sequences for a CampaignRule to monitor. Required if the CampaignRule has any conditions that run on a sequence. Changing the outboundCampaignRuleEntitySequenceRuleId attribute will cause the outbound_campaignrule object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.
- `sms_campaign_ids` (List of String) The list of SMS campaigns for a CampaignRule to monitor. Required if the CampaignRule has any conditions that run on an SMS campaign. Changing the outboundCampaignRuleEntityCampaignRuleId attribute will cause the outbound_campaignrule object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.
- `use_triggering_entity` (Boolean) If true, the CampaignRuleAction will apply to the same entity that triggered the CampaignRuleCondition. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_actions--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_actions.parameters`

Optional:

- `abandon_rate` (String) Compliance Abandon Rate. Required for 'setCampaignAbandonRate' action
- `dialing_mode` (String) The dialing mode to set a campaign to. Required for the 'setCampaignDialingMode' action (agentless | preview | power | predictive | progressive | external).
- `email_content_template_id` (String) The content template to set an Email campaign to.
- `email_messages_per_minute` (String) The number of messages per minute to set an Email messaging campaign to.
- `max_calls_per_agent` (String) Max calls per agent. Optional parameter for 'setCampaignMaxCallsPerAgent' action
- `messages_per_minute` (String) The number of messages per minute to set a messaging campaign to.
- `operator` (String) The operator for comparison. Required for a CampaignRuleCondition.
- `outbound_line_count` (String) Number of Outbound lines. Required for 'setCampaignNumberOfLines' action
- `priority` (String) The priority to set a campaign to (1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5). Required for the 'setCampaignPriority' action.
- `queue_id` (String) The ID of the Queue. Required for 'changeCampaignQueue' action
- `relative_weight` (String) Relative weight. Required for 'setCampaignWeight' action
- `sms_content_template_id` (String) The content template to set a SMS campaign to.
- `sms_messages_per_minute` (String) The number of messages per minute to set a SMS messaging campaign to.
- `value` (String) The value for comparison. Required for a CampaignRuleCondition.



<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_entities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_entities`

Optional:

- `campaign_ids` (List of String) The list of campaigns for a CampaignRule to monitor. Required if the CampaignRule has any conditions that run on a campaign. Changing the outboundCampaignRuleEntityCampaignRuleId attribute will cause the outbound_campaignrule object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.
- `email_campaign_ids` (List of String) The list of Email campaigns for a CampaignRule to monitor. Required if the CampaignRule has any conditions that run on an Email campaign. Changing the outboundCampaignRuleEntityCampaignRuleId attribute will cause the outbound_campaignrule object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.
- `sequence_ids` (List of String) The list of sequences for a CampaignRule to monitor. Required if the CampaignRule has any conditions that run on a sequence. Changing the outboundCampaignRuleEntitySequenceRuleId attribute will cause the outbound_campaignrule object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.
- `sms_campaign_ids` (List of String) The list of SMS campaigns for a CampaignRule to monitor. Required if the CampaignRule has any conditions that run on an SMS campaign. Changing the outboundCampaignRuleEntityCampaignRuleId attribute will cause the outbound_campaignrule object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.


<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) The type of condition to evaluate (campaignProgress | campaignAgents | campaignRecordsAttempted | campaignContactsMessaged | campaignBusinessSuccess | campaignBusinessNeutral | campaignBusinessFailure | campaignValidAttempts | campaignRightPartyContacts | timeOfDay | dayOfWeek | dayOfMonth | weekDayOfMonth | specificDate | campaignRunTime | campaignWaitTime)
- `parameters` (Block Set, Min: 1) The parameters for the CampaignRuleCondition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--parameters))

Optional:

- `campaign_run_time_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for campaignRunTime conditions. Only valid with campaign_rule_processing = "v2" and condition_groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--campaign_run_time_settings))
- `campaign_wait_time_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for campaignWaitTime conditions. Only valid with campaign_rule_processing = "v2" and condition_groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--campaign_wait_time_settings))
- `date_time_parameters` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for date/time conditions (timeOfDay, dayOfWeek, dayOfMonth, specificDate, weekDayOfMonth). Only valid with campaign_rule_processing = "v2" and condition_groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters))
- `id` (String) The ID of the CampaignRuleCondition.

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.parameters`

Optional:

- `abandon_rate` (String) Compliance Abandon Rate. Required for 'setCampaignAbandonRate' action
- `dialing_mode` (String) The dialing mode to set a campaign to. Required for the 'setCampaignDialingMode' action (agentless | preview | power | predictive | progressive | external).
- `email_content_template_id` (String) The content template to set an Email campaign to.
- `email_messages_per_minute` (String) The number of messages per minute to set an Email messaging campaign to.
- `for_duration` (Block List, Max: 1) Duration (in seconds) for which the condition must be continuously true before it is evaluated as true. Only valid in condition parameters with campaign_rule_processing = "v2". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--parameters--for_duration))
- `max_calls_per_agent` (String) Max calls per agent. Optional parameter for 'setCampaignMaxCallsPerAgent' action
- `messages_per_minute` (String) The number of messages per minute to set a messaging campaign to.
- `operator` (String) The operator for comparison. Required for a CampaignRuleCondition.
- `outbound_line_count` (String) Number of Outbound lines. Required for 'setCampaignNumberOfLines' action
- `priority` (String) The priority to set a campaign to (1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5). Required for the 'setCampaignPriority' action.
- `queue_id` (String) The ID of the Queue. Required for 'changeCampaignQueue' action
- `relative_weight` (String) Relative weight. Required for 'setCampaignWeight' action
- `sms_content_template_id` (String) The content template to set a SMS campaign to.
- `sms_messages_per_minute` (String) The number of messages per minute to set a SMS messaging campaign to.
- `value` (String) The value for comparison. Required for a CampaignRuleCondition.

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--parameters--for_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.parameters.for_duration`

Required:

- `seconds` (Number) Duration in seconds.



<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--campaign_run_time_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.campaign_run_time_settings`

Optional:

- `include_waiting_time` (Boolean) When true, counts all campaign running time. When false, only counts time when campaign is not waiting. Defaults to `true`.


<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--campaign_wait_time_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.campaign_wait_time_settings`

Required:

- `wait_type` (String) Campaign wait type (Agents | Contacts | Lines).


<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for dayOfMonth condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_month))
- `day_of_week` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for dayOfWeek condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_week))
- `inverted` (Boolean) If true, inverts the result of evaluating this condition. Defaults to `false`.
- `specific_date` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for specificDate condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--specific_date))
- `time_of_day` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for timeOfDay condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--time_of_day))
- `week_day_of_month` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for weekDayOfMonth condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month))

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_month"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.day_of_month`

Optional:

- `in_set` (List of String) Days of month (1-31, "LAST_DAY", "EVEN_DAY", "ODD_DAY") for "equals" operator.
- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Day interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_month--interval))
- `threshold_value` (String) Day of month (1-31 or "LAST_DAY") for "before"/"after" operators.

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_month--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.day_of_month.interval`

Required:

- `max` (String) Maximum day (1-31 or "LAST_DAY").
- `min` (String) Minimum day (1-31).



<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_week"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.day_of_week`

Optional:

- `in_set` (List of Number) Days of week (1=Monday, 7=Sunday) for "equals" operator.
- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Day interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_week--interval))

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_week--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.day_of_week.interval`

Required:

- `max` (Number) Maximum day (1-7).
- `min` (Number) Minimum day (1-7).



<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--specific_date"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.specific_date`

Optional:

- `include_year` (Boolean) If true, includes year in date comparison. Defaults to `true`.
- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Date interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--specific_date--interval))
- `threshold_value` (String) Date in yyyy-MM-dd (with year) or MM-dd (without year) format.

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--specific_date--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.specific_date.interval`

Required:

- `max` (String) Maximum date in yyyy-MM-dd or MM-dd format.
- `min` (String) Minimum date in yyyy-MM-dd or MM-dd format.



<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--time_of_day"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.time_of_day`

Optional:

- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Time interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--time_of_day--interval))
- `threshold_value` (String) Time in HH:mm:ss.SSS format.

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--time_of_day--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.time_of_day.interval`

Required:

- `max` (String) Maximum time in HH:mm:ss.SSS format.
- `min` (String) Minimum time in HH:mm:ss.SSS format.



<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month`

Optional:

- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Weekday-of-month interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval))
- `threshold_value` (Block List, Max: 1) The weekday-of-month value for "equals"/"before"/"after" operators. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--threshold_value))

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month.interval`

Required:

- `max` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Maximum weekday-of-month. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval--max))
- `min` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Minimum weekday-of-month. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval--min))

<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval--max"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month.interval.max`

Required:

- `day_of_week` (Number) Day of week (1=Monday, 7=Sunday).

Optional:

- `month` (Number) Month (1-12). Optional.
- `occurrence` (Number) Occurrence (1-4, or -1 for last).


<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval--min"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month.interval.min`

Required:

- `day_of_week` (Number) Day of week (1=Monday, 7=Sunday).

Optional:

- `month` (Number) Month (1-12). Optional.
- `occurrence` (Number) Occurrence (1-4, or -1 for last).



<a id="nestedblock--campaign_rule_conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--threshold_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `campaign_rule_conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month.threshold_value`

Required:

- `day_of_week` (Number) Day of week (1=Monday, 7=Sunday).

Optional:

- `month` (Number) Month (1-12). Optional.
- `occurrence` (Number) Occurrence (1-4, or -1 for last).





<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups`

Required:

- `conditions` (Block List, Min: 1) The list of conditions in this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions))
- `match_any_conditions` (Boolean) Whether or not this condition group should be evaluated as true if any of sub conditions is matched.

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions`

Required:

- `condition_type` (String) The type of condition to evaluate (campaignProgress | campaignAgents | campaignRecordsAttempted | campaignContactsMessaged | campaignBusinessSuccess | campaignBusinessNeutral | campaignBusinessFailure | campaignValidAttempts | campaignRightPartyContacts | timeOfDay | dayOfWeek | dayOfMonth | weekDayOfMonth | specificDate | campaignRunTime | campaignWaitTime)
- `parameters` (Block Set, Min: 1) The parameters for the CampaignRuleCondition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--parameters))

Optional:

- `campaign_run_time_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for campaignRunTime conditions. Only valid with campaign_rule_processing = "v2" and condition_groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--campaign_run_time_settings))
- `campaign_wait_time_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for campaignWaitTime conditions. Only valid with campaign_rule_processing = "v2" and condition_groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--campaign_wait_time_settings))
- `date_time_parameters` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for date/time conditions (timeOfDay, dayOfWeek, dayOfMonth, specificDate, weekDayOfMonth). Only valid with campaign_rule_processing = "v2" and condition_groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters))
- `id` (String) The ID of the CampaignRuleCondition.

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.parameters`

Optional:

- `abandon_rate` (String) Compliance Abandon Rate. Required for 'setCampaignAbandonRate' action
- `dialing_mode` (String) The dialing mode to set a campaign to. Required for the 'setCampaignDialingMode' action (agentless | preview | power | predictive | progressive | external).
- `email_content_template_id` (String) The content template to set an Email campaign to.
- `email_messages_per_minute` (String) The number of messages per minute to set an Email messaging campaign to.
- `for_duration` (Block List, Max: 1) Duration (in seconds) for which the condition must be continuously true before it is evaluated as true. Only valid in condition parameters with campaign_rule_processing = "v2". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--parameters--for_duration))
- `max_calls_per_agent` (String) Max calls per agent. Optional parameter for 'setCampaignMaxCallsPerAgent' action
- `messages_per_minute` (String) The number of messages per minute to set a messaging campaign to.
- `operator` (String) The operator for comparison. Required for a CampaignRuleCondition.
- `outbound_line_count` (String) Number of Outbound lines. Required for 'setCampaignNumberOfLines' action
- `priority` (String) The priority to set a campaign to (1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5). Required for the 'setCampaignPriority' action.
- `queue_id` (String) The ID of the Queue. Required for 'changeCampaignQueue' action
- `relative_weight` (String) Relative weight. Required for 'setCampaignWeight' action
- `sms_content_template_id` (String) The content template to set a SMS campaign to.
- `sms_messages_per_minute` (String) The number of messages per minute to set a SMS messaging campaign to.
- `value` (String) The value for comparison. Required for a CampaignRuleCondition.

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--parameters--for_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.parameters.for_duration`

Required:

- `seconds` (Number) Duration in seconds.



<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--campaign_run_time_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.campaign_run_time_settings`

Optional:

- `include_waiting_time` (Boolean) When true, counts all campaign running time. When false, only counts time when campaign is not waiting. Defaults to `true`.


<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--campaign_wait_time_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.campaign_wait_time_settings`

Required:

- `wait_type` (String) Campaign wait type (Agents | Contacts | Lines).


<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for dayOfMonth condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_month))
- `day_of_week` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for dayOfWeek condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_week))
- `inverted` (Boolean) If true, inverts the result of evaluating this condition. Defaults to `false`.
- `specific_date` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for specificDate condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--specific_date))
- `time_of_day` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for timeOfDay condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--time_of_day))
- `week_day_of_month` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for weekDayOfMonth condition type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month))

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_month"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.day_of_month`

Optional:

- `in_set` (List of String) Days of month (1-31, "LAST_DAY", "EVEN_DAY", "ODD_DAY") for "equals" operator.
- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Day interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_month--interval))
- `threshold_value` (String) Day of month (1-31 or "LAST_DAY") for "before"/"after" operators.

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_month--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.day_of_month.interval`

Required:

- `max` (String) Maximum day (1-31 or "LAST_DAY").
- `min` (String) Minimum day (1-31).



<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_week"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.day_of_week`

Optional:

- `in_set` (List of Number) Days of week (1=Monday, 7=Sunday) for "equals" operator.
- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Day interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_week--interval))

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--day_of_week--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.day_of_week.interval`

Required:

- `max` (Number) Maximum day (1-7).
- `min` (Number) Minimum day (1-7).



<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--specific_date"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.specific_date`

Optional:

- `include_year` (Boolean) If true, includes year in date comparison. Defaults to `true`.
- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Date interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--specific_date--interval))
- `threshold_value` (String) Date in yyyy-MM-dd (with year) or MM-dd (without year) format.

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--specific_date--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.specific_date.interval`

Required:

- `max` (String) Maximum date in yyyy-MM-dd or MM-dd format.
- `min` (String) Minimum date in yyyy-MM-dd or MM-dd format.



<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--time_of_day"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.time_of_day`

Optional:

- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Time interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--time_of_day--interval))
- `threshold_value` (String) Time in HH:mm:ss.SSS format.

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--time_of_day--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.time_of_day.interval`

Required:

- `max` (String) Maximum time in HH:mm:ss.SSS format.
- `min` (String) Minimum time in HH:mm:ss.SSS format.



<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month`

Optional:

- `interval` (Block List, Max: 1) Weekday-of-month interval for "between" operator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval))
- `threshold_value` (Block List, Max: 1) The weekday-of-month value for "equals"/"before"/"after" operators. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--threshold_value))

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month.interval`

Required:

- `max` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Maximum weekday-of-month. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval--max))
- `min` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Minimum weekday-of-month. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval--min))

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval--max"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month.interval.max`

Required:

- `day_of_week` (Number) Day of week (1=Monday, 7=Sunday).

Optional:

- `month` (Number) Month (1-12). Optional.
- `occurrence` (Number) Occurrence (1-4, or -1 for last).


<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--interval--min"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month.interval.min`

Required:

- `day_of_week` (Number) Day of week (1=Monday, 7=Sunday).

Optional:

- `month` (Number) Month (1-12). Optional.
- `occurrence` (Number) Occurrence (1-4, or -1 for last).



<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions--date_time_parameters--week_day_of_month--threshold_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions.date_time_parameters.week_day_of_month.threshold_value`

Required:

- `day_of_week` (Number) Day of week (1=Monday, 7=Sunday).

Optional:

- `month` (Number) Month (1-12). Optional.
- `occurrence` (Number) Occurrence (1-4, or -1 for last).






<a id="nestedblock--execution_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `execution_settings`

Required:

- `frequency` (String) Execution control frequency. Valid values: onEachTrigger, oncePerDay.

Optional:

- `time_zone_id` (String) The time zone for the execution control frequency="oncePerDay"; for example, Africa/Abidjan. This property is ignored when frequency is not "oncePerDay".

