---
page_title: "genesyscloud_outbound_digitalruleset Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud outbound digitalruleset
---
# genesyscloud_outbound_digitalruleset (Resource)

Genesys Cloud outbound digitalruleset

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [POST /api/v2/outbound/digitalrulesets](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-outbound-digitalrulesets)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/digitalrulesets/{digitalRuleSetId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-digitalrulesets--digitalRuleSetId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/outbound/digitalrulesets/{digitalRuleSetId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-outbound-digitalrulesets--digitalRuleSetId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/outbound/digitalrulesets/{digitalRuleSetId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-outbound-digitalrulesets--digitalRuleSetId-)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/digitalrulesets](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-digitalrulesets)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_outbound_digitalruleset" "test_ruleset_sample" {
  name            = "Test Digital RuleSet - 13"
  contact_list_id = genesyscloud_outbound_contact_list.contact_list.id
  rules {
    name     = "Rule-1"
    order    = 0
    category = "PreContact"
    conditions {
      inverted = true
      contact_column_condition_settings {
        column_name = "Work"
        operator    = "Equals"
        value       = "\"XYZ\""
        value_type  = "String"
      }
    }
    actions {
      do_not_send_action_settings = jsonencode({})
    }

  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rules` (Block List, Min: 1) The list of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))

### Optional

- `contact_list_id` (String) A ContactList to provide suggestions for contact columns on relevant conditions and actions.
- `name` (String) The name of the digital rule set

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `actions` (Block List, Min: 1) The list of actions to be taken if all conditions are true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--actions))
- `category` (String) The category of the rule.
- `conditions` (Block List, Min: 1) A list of conditions to evaluate. All of the Conditions must evaluate to true to trigger the actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions))
- `name` (String) The name of the rule.
- `order` (Number) The ranked order of the rule. Rules are processed from lowest number to highest.

<a id="nestedblock--rules--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.actions`

Optional:

- `append_to_dnc_action_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for an 'Append to DNC' action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--actions--append_to_dnc_action_settings))
- `do_not_send_action_settings` (String) The settings for a 'do not send' action.
- `mark_contact_address_uncontactable_action_settings` (String) The settings for an 'mark contact address uncontactable' action.
- `mark_contact_uncontactable_action_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'mark contact uncontactable' action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--actions--mark_contact_uncontactable_action_settings))
- `set_content_template_action_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'Set content template' action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--actions--set_content_template_action_settings))
- `set_sms_phone_number_action_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'set sms phone number' action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--actions--set_sms_phone_number_action_settings))
- `update_contact_column_action_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for an 'update contact column' action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--actions--update_contact_column_action_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--actions--append_to_dnc_action_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.actions.append_to_dnc_action_settings`

Required:

- `expire` (Boolean) Whether to expire the record appended to the DNC list.

Optional:

- `expiration_duration` (String) If 'expire' is set to true, how long to keep the record.
- `list_type` (String) The Dnc List Type to append entries to


<a id="nestedblock--rules--actions--mark_contact_uncontactable_action_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.actions.mark_contact_uncontactable_action_settings`

Required:

- `media_types` (List of String) A list of media types to evaluate.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--actions--set_content_template_action_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.actions.set_content_template_action_settings`

Required:

- `email_content_template_id` (String) A string of email contentTemplateId.
- `sms_content_template_id` (String) A string of sms contentTemplateId.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--actions--set_sms_phone_number_action_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.actions.set_sms_phone_number_action_settings`

Required:

- `sender_sms_phone_number` (String) The string address for the sms phone number.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--actions--update_contact_column_action_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.actions.update_contact_column_action_settings`

Required:

- `update_option` (String) The type of update to make to the specified contact column(s).

Optional:

- `properties` (String) A map of key-value pairs pertinent to the DialerAction. Different types of DialerActions require different properties. MODIFY_CONTACT_ATTRIBUTE with an updateOption of SET takes a contact column as the key and accepts any value. SCHEDULE_CALLBACK takes a key 'callbackOffset' that specifies how far in the future the callback should be scheduled, in minutes. SET_CALLER_ID takes two keys: 'callerAddress', which should be the caller id phone number, and 'callerName'. For either key, you can also specify a column on the contact to get the value from. To do this, specify 'contact.Column', where 'Column' is the name of the contact column from which to get the value. SET_SKILLS takes a key 'skills' with an array of skill ids wrapped into a string (Example: {'skills': '['skillIdHere']'} ).



<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions`

Optional:

- `contact_address_condition_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'contact address' condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--contact_address_condition_settings))
- `contact_address_type_condition_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'contact address type' condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--contact_address_type_condition_settings))
- `contact_column_condition_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'contact list column' condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--contact_column_condition_settings))
- `data_action_condition_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'data action' condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--data_action_condition_settings))
- `inverted` (Boolean) If true, inverts the result of evaluating this condition. Default is false.
- `last_attempt_by_column_condition_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'last attempt by column' condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--last_attempt_by_column_condition_settings))
- `last_attempt_overall_condition_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'last attempt overall' condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--last_attempt_overall_condition_settings))
- `last_result_by_column_condition_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'last result by column' condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--last_result_by_column_condition_settings))
- `last_result_overall_condition_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) The settings for a 'last result overall' condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--last_result_overall_condition_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--contact_address_condition_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.contact_address_condition_settings`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use when comparing address values.
- `value` (String) The value to compare against the contact's address.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--contact_address_type_condition_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.contact_address_type_condition_settings`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use when comparing the address types.
- `value` (String) The type value to compare against the contact column type.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--contact_column_condition_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.contact_column_condition_settings`

Required:

- `column_name` (String) The name of the contact list column to evaluate.
- `operator` (String) The operator to use when comparing values.
- `value` (String) The value to compare against the contact's data.
- `value_type` (String) The data type the value should be treated as.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--data_action_condition_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.data_action_condition_settings`

Required:

- `data_action_id` (String) The Data Action Id to use for this condition.
- `data_not_found_resolution` (Boolean) The result of this condition if the data action returns a result indicating there was no data.

Optional:

- `contact_column_to_data_action_field_mappings` (Block List) A list of mappings defining which contact data fields will be passed to which data action input fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--data_action_condition_settings--contact_column_to_data_action_field_mappings))
- `contact_id_field` (String) The input field from the data action that the contactId will be passed into.
- `predicates` (Block List) A list of predicates defining the comparisons to use for this condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--data_action_condition_settings--predicates))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--data_action_condition_settings--contact_column_to_data_action_field_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.data_action_condition_settings.contact_column_to_data_action_field_mappings`

Required:

- `contact_column_name` (String) The name of a contact column whose data will be passed to the data action
- `data_action_field` (String) The name of an input field from the data action that the contact column data will be passed to


<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--data_action_condition_settings--predicates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.data_action_condition_settings.predicates`

Required:

- `comparison_value` (String) The value to compare against for this condition
- `inverted` (Boolean) If true, inverts the result of evaluating this Predicate. Default is false.
- `output_field` (String) The name of an output field from the data action's output to use for this condition
- `output_field_missing_resolution` (Boolean) The result of this predicate if the requested output field is missing from the data action's result
- `output_operator` (String) The operation with which to evaluate this condition



<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--last_attempt_by_column_condition_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.last_attempt_by_column_condition_settings`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use when comparing values.
- `value` (String) The period value to compare against the contact's data.

Optional:

- `email_column_name` (String) The name of the contact column to evaluate for Email.
- `sms_column_name` (String) The name of the contact column to evaluate for SMS.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--last_attempt_overall_condition_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.last_attempt_overall_condition_settings`

Required:

- `media_types` (List of String) A list of media types to evaluate.
- `operator` (String) The operator to use when comparing values.
- `value` (String) The period value to compare against the contact's data.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--last_result_by_column_condition_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.last_result_by_column_condition_settings`

Optional:

- `email_column_name` (String) The name of the contact column to evaluate for Email.
- `email_wrapup_codes` (List of String) A list of wrapup code identifiers to match for Email.
- `sms_column_name` (String) The name of the contact column to evaluate for SMS.
- `sms_wrapup_codes` (List of String) A list of wrapup code identifiers to match for SMS.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--last_result_overall_condition_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.last_result_overall_condition_settings`

Optional:

- `email_wrapup_codes` (List of String) A list of wrapup code identifiers to match for Email.
- `sms_wrapup_codes` (List of String) A list of wrapup code identifiers to match for SMS.

