---
page_title: "genesyscloud_outbound_attempt_limit Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Outbound Attempt Limit
---
# genesyscloud_outbound_attempt_limit (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Outbound Attempt Limit

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/outbound/attemptlimits](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-attemptlimits)
* [POST /api/v2/outbound/attemptlimits](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-outbound-attemptlimits)
* [GET /api/v2/outbound/attemptlimits/{attemptLimitsId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-outbound-attemptlimits--attemptLimitsId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/outbound/attemptlimits/{attemptLimitsId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-outbound-attemptlimits--attemptLimitsId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/outbound/attemptlimits/{attemptLimitsId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-outbound-attemptlimits--attemptLimitsId-)

## Permissions and Scopes

The following permissions are required to use this resource:

* `outbound:attemptLimits:add`
* `outbound:attemptLimits:delete`
* `outbound:attemptLimits:edit`
* `outbound:attemptLimits:view`

The following OAuth scopes are required to use this resource:

* `outbound`
* `outbound:readonly`


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_outbound_attempt_limit" "attempt_limit" {
  name                     = "Example Attempt Limit"
  reset_period             = "TODAY"
  time_zone_id             = "Etc/GMT"
  max_attempts_per_contact = 4
  max_attempts_per_number  = 3
  recall_entries {
    no_answer {
      minutes_between_attempts = 6
      nbr_attempts             = 2
    }
    answering_machine {
      minutes_between_attempts = 5
      nbr_attempts             = 1
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `max_attempts_per_contact` (Number) The maximum number of times a contact can be called within the resetPeriod. Required if maxAttemptsPerNumber is not defined.
- `max_attempts_per_number` (Number) The maximum number of times a phone number can be called within the resetPeriod. Required if maxAttemptsPerContact is not defined.
- `name` (String) The name for the attempt limit.
- `recall_entries` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for recall attempts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--recall_entries))
- `reset_period` (String) After how long the number of attempts will be set back to 0. Defaults to `NEVER`.
- `time_zone_id` (String) If the resetPeriod is TODAY, this specifies the timezone in which TODAY occurs. Required if the resetPeriod is TODAY.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--recall_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recall_entries`

Optional:

- `answering_machine` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--recall_entries--answering_machine))
- `busy` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--recall_entries--busy))
- `fax` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--recall_entries--fax))
- `no_answer` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--recall_entries--no_answer))

<a id="nestedblock--recall_entries--answering_machine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recall_entries.answering_machine`

Required:

- `minutes_between_attempts` (Number) Number of minutes between attempts. Must be greater than or equal to 5.

Optional:

- `nbr_attempts` (Number) Number of recall attempts. Must be less than max_attempts_per_contact.


<a id="nestedblock--recall_entries--busy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recall_entries.busy`

Required:

- `minutes_between_attempts` (Number) Number of minutes between attempts. Must be greater than or equal to 5.

Optional:

- `nbr_attempts` (Number) Number of recall attempts. Must be less than max_attempts_per_contact.


<a id="nestedblock--recall_entries--fax"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recall_entries.fax`

Required:

- `minutes_between_attempts` (Number) Number of minutes between attempts. Must be greater than or equal to 5.

Optional:

- `nbr_attempts` (Number) Number of recall attempts. Must be less than max_attempts_per_contact.


<a id="nestedblock--recall_entries--no_answer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recall_entries.no_answer`

Required:

- `minutes_between_attempts` (Number) Number of minutes between attempts. Must be greater than or equal to 5.

Optional:

- `nbr_attempts` (Number) Number of recall attempts. Must be less than max_attempts_per_contact.

