---
page_title: "genesyscloud_processautomation_trigger Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Process Automation Trigger
---
# genesyscloud_processautomation_trigger (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Process Automation Trigger

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/processAutomation/triggers](https://developer.genesys.cloud/platform/preview-apis#get-api-v2-processautomation-triggers)
* [POST /api/v2/processAutomation/triggers](https://developer.genesys.cloud/platform/preview-apis#post-api-v2-processautomation-triggers)
* [GET /api/v2/processAutomation/triggers/{triggerId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/platform/preview-apis#get-api-v2-processautomation-triggers--triggerId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/processAutomation/triggers/{triggerId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/platform/preview-apis#put-api-v2-processautomation-triggers--triggerId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/processAutomation/triggers/{triggerId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/platform/preview-apis#delete-api-v2-processautomation-triggers--triggerId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_processautomation_trigger" "example-trigger" {
  name       = "Example Trigger"
  topic_name = "v2.detail.events.conversation.{id}.customer.end"
  enabled    = true
  target {
    id   = genesyscloud_flow.workflow_flow.id
    type = "Workflow"
    workflow_target_settings {
      data_format = "TopLevelPrimitives"
    }
  }
  match_criteria = jsonencode([
    {
      "jsonPath" : "mediaType",
      "operator" : "Equal",
      "value" : "CHAT"
    }
  ])
  event_ttl_seconds = 60
  description       = "description of trigger"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the trigger should be fired on events
- `name` (String) Name of the Trigger
- `target` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) Target the trigger will invoke when fired (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target))
- `topic_name` (String) Topic name that will fire trigger. Changing the topic_name attribute will cause the processautomation_trigger object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.

### Optional

- `delay_by_seconds` (Number) How long to delay processing of a trigger after an event passes the match criteria. Must be an number between 60 and 900 inclusive. Only one of event_ttl_seconds or delay_by_seconds can be set.
- `description` (String) A description of the trigger
- `event_ttl_seconds` (Number) How old an event can be to fire the trigger. Must be an number greater than or equal to 10. Only one of event_ttl_seconds or delay_by_seconds can be set.
- `match_criteria` (String) Match criteria that controls when the trigger will fire. NOTE: The match_criteria field type has changed from a complex object to a string. This was done to allow for complex JSON object definitions.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the target the trigger is configured to hit
- `type` (String) Type of the target the trigger is configured to hit

Optional:

- `workflow_target_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) Optional config for the target. Until the feature gets enabled will always operate in TopLevelPrimitives mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target--workflow_target_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--target--workflow_target_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.workflow_target_settings`

Optional:

- `data_format` (String) The data format to use when invoking target.

