---
page_title: "genesyscloud_quality_forms_evaluation Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Evaluation Forms
---
# genesyscloud_quality_forms_evaluation (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Evaluation Forms

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

**No APIs**



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the entity.
- **question_groups** (Block List, Min: 1) A list of question groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--question_groups))

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **published** (Boolean) Specifies if the evalutaion form is published. Defaults to `false`.

<a id="nestedblock--question_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `question_groups`

Required:

- **name** (String) Name of display question in question group.
- **questions** (Block List, Min: 1) Questions inside the group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--question_groups--questions))
- **weight** (Number) Points per question

Optional:

- **default_answers_to_highest** (Boolean) Specifies whether to default answers to highest score. Defaults to `false`.
- **default_answers_to_na** (Boolean) Specifies whether to default answers to not applicable. Defaults to `false`.
- **manual_weight** (Boolean) Specifies whether a manual weight is set. Defaults to `true`.
- **na_enabled** (Boolean) Specifies whether a not applicable answer is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- **visibility_condition** (Block List, Max: 1) Defines conditions where question would be visible (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--question_groups--visibility_condition))

<a id="nestedblock--question_groups--questions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `question_groups.questions`

Required:

- **answer_options** (Block List, Min: 2) Options from which to choose an answer for this question. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--question_groups--questions--answer_options))
- **text** (String) Individual question

Optional:

- **comments_required** (Boolean) Specifies whether comments are required. Defaults to `false`.
- **help_text** (String) Help text for the question.
- **is_critical** (Boolean) True if the question is a critical question Defaults to `false`.
- **is_kill** (Boolean) True if the question is a fatal question Defaults to `false`.
- **na_enabled** (Boolean) Specifies whether a not applicable answer is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- **visibility_condition** (Block List, Max: 1) Defines conditions where question would be visible (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--question_groups--questions--visibility_condition))

<a id="nestedblock--question_groups--questions--answer_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `question_groups.questions.answer_options`

Required:

- **text** (String)
- **value** (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--question_groups--questions--visibility_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `question_groups.questions.visibility_condition`

Required:

- **combining_operation** (String) Valid Values: AND, OR
- **predicates** (List of String) A list of strings, each representing the location in the form of the Answer Option to depend on. In the format of "/form/questionGroup/{questionGroupIndex}/question/{questionIndex}/answer/{answerIndex}" or, to assume the current question group, "../question/{questionIndex}/answer/{answerIndex}". Note: Indexes are zero-based



<a id="nestedblock--question_groups--visibility_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `question_groups.visibility_condition`

Required:

- **combining_operation** (String) Valid Values: AND, OR
- **predicates** (List of String) A list of strings, each representing the location in the form of the Answer Option to depend on. In the format of "/form/questionGroup/{questionGroupIndex}/question/{questionIndex}/answer/{answerIndex}" or, to assume the current question group, "../question/{questionIndex}/answer/{answerIndex}". Note: Indexes are zero-based

