---
page_title: "genesyscloud_responsemanagement_responseasset Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud responsemanagement response asset
---
# genesyscloud_responsemanagement_responseasset (Resource)

Genesys Cloud responsemanagement response asset

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/responsemanagement/responseassets/{responseAssetId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-responsemanagement-responseassets--responseAssetId-)
* [POST /api/v2/responsemanagement/responseassets/uploads](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-responsemanagement-responseassets-uploads)
* [DELETE /api/v2/responsemanagement/responseassets/{responseAssetId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-responsemanagement-responseassets--responseAssetId-)
## Permissions and Scopes

The following permissions are required to use this resource:

* `responseAssets:asset:add`
* `responseAssets:asset:delete`
* `responseAssets:asset:view`

The following OAuth scopes are required to use this resource:

* `response-management`
* `response-management:readonly`


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_responsemanagement_responseasset" "example_asset" {
  filename          = "${local.working_dir.responseasset}/example-file.png"
  file_content_hash = "filesha256(${local.working_dir.responseasset}/example-file.png)"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filename` (String) Name of the file to upload. Changing the name attribute will cause the existing response asset to be dropped and recreated with a new ID. It must not start with a dot and not end with a forward slash. If the referenced file is stored on S3, it will be downloaded to temporary storage to satisfy API requirements. When referencing a local file, the following characters are not allowed: \{^}%`]">[~<#|

### Optional

- `division_id` (String) Division to associate to this asset. Can only be used with this division.
- `file_content_hash` (String) Hash value of the response asset file content. Used to detect changes. Note: If the file content hash changes, the existing response asset will be dropped and recreated with a new ID
- `name` (String) Name of the response asset. Can be optionally defined to replace the name given in the filename. Changing the name attribute will cause the existing response asset to be dropped and recreated with a new ID. It must not start with a dot and not end with a forward slash. The following characters are not allowed: \{^}%`]">[~<#|,

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

