---
page_title: "genesyscloud_routing_queue_conditional_group_activation Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud routing queue conditional group activation rules
---
# genesyscloud_routing_queue_conditional_group_activation (Resource)

Genesys Cloud routing queue conditional group activation rules

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/routing/queues/{queueId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-routing-queues--queueId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/routing/queues/{queueId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-routing-queues--queueId-)
## Permissions and Scopes

The following permissions are required to use this resource:

* `routing:queue:edit`
* `routing:queue:view`

The following OAuth scopes are required to use this resource:

* `routing`
* `routing:readonly`


## Example Usage

```terraform
// To enable this resource, set ENABLE_STANDALONE_CGA as an environment variable
// WARNING: This resource will overwrite any conditional group activation rules that already on the queue
// For this reason, all conditional group activation rules for a queue should be managed solely by this resource
resource "genesyscloud_routing_queue_conditional_group_activation" "example_queue_cga" {
  queue_id = genesyscloud_routing_queue.example_queue.id

  pilot_rule {
    condition_expression = "C1"
    conditions {
      simple_metric {
        metric = "EstimatedWaitTime"
      }
      operator = "GreaterThan"
      value    = 30
    }
  }

  rules {
    condition_expression = "C1 or C2"
    conditions {
      simple_metric {
        metric   = "EstimatedWaitTime"
        queue_id = genesyscloud_routing_queue.example_queue.id
      }
      operator = "GreaterThan"
      value    = 60
    }
    conditions {
      simple_metric {
        metric   = "IdleAgentCount"
        queue_id = genesyscloud_routing_queue.example_queue2.id
      }
      operator = "LessThan"
      value    = 2
    }
    groups {
      member_group_id   = genesyscloud_routing_skill_group.example_skill_group.id
      member_group_type = "SKILLGROUP"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `queue_id` (String) Id of the routing queue to which the conditional group activation rules belong.
- `rules` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 5) The set of rules to be periodically executed on the queue (if the pilot rule evaluates as true or there is no pilot rule). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))

### Optional

- `pilot_rule` (Block List, Max: 1) The pilot rule for this queue, which executes periodically to determine queue health. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pilot_rule))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `condition_expression` (String) A string expression that defines the relationships of conditions in this rule.
- `conditions` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 10) The list of conditions used in this rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions))
- `groups` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 5) The group(s) to activate if the rule evaluates as true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--groups))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator used to compare the actual value against the threshold value. Valid values: GreaterThan, GreaterThanOrEqualTo, LessThan, LessThanOrEqualTo, EqualTo, NotEqualTo.
- `simple_metric` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Instructs this condition to evaluate a simple queue-level metric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--conditions--simple_metric))
- `value` (Number) The threshold value, beyond which a rule evaluates as true.

<a id="nestedblock--rules--conditions--simple_metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.simple_metric`

Required:

- `metric` (String) The queue metric being evaluated. Valid values: EstimatedWaitTime, ServiceLevel, IdleAgentCount.

Optional:

- `queue_id` (String) The queue being evaluated for this rule. If null, the current queue will be used.



<a id="nestedblock--rules--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.groups`

Required:

- `member_group_id` (String) ID (GUID) for Group, SkillGroup, Team
- `member_group_type` (String) The type of the member group. Accepted values: TEAM, GROUP, SKILLGROUP



<a id="nestedblock--pilot_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pilot_rule`

Required:

- `condition_expression` (String) A string expression that defines the relationships of conditions in this rule.
- `conditions` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 10) The list of conditions used in this rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pilot_rule--conditions))

<a id="nestedblock--pilot_rule--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pilot_rule.conditions`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator used to compare the actual value against the threshold value. Valid values: GreaterThan, GreaterThanOrEqualTo, LessThan, LessThanOrEqualTo, EqualTo, NotEqualTo.
- `simple_metric` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Instructs this condition to evaluate a simple queue-level metric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pilot_rule--conditions--simple_metric))
- `value` (Number) The threshold value, beyond which a rule evaluates as true.

<a id="nestedblock--pilot_rule--conditions--simple_metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pilot_rule.conditions.simple_metric`

Required:

- `metric` (String) The queue metric being evaluated. Valid values: EstimatedWaitTime, ServiceLevel, IdleAgentCount.

Optional:

- `queue_id` (String) The queue being evaluated for this rule. If null, the current queue will be used.

