---
page_title: "genesyscloud_speechandtextanalytics_topic Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Speech & Text Analytics Topic.
---
# genesyscloud_speechandtextanalytics_topic (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Speech & Text Analytics Topic.

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/speechandtextanalytics/topics](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-speechandtextanalytics-topics)
* [POST /api/v2/speechandtextanalytics/topics](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#post-api-v2-speechandtextanalytics-topics)
* [GET /api/v2/speechandtextanalytics/topics/{topicId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#get-api-v2-speechandtextanalytics-topics--topicId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/speechandtextanalytics/topics/{topicId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#put-api-v2-speechandtextanalytics-topics--topicId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/speechandtextanalytics/topics/{topicId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/devapps/api-explorer#delete-api-v2-speechandtextanalytics-topics--topicId-)


## Permissions and Scopes

The following permissions are required to use this resource:

* `speechAndTextAnalytics:topic:add`
* `speechAndTextAnalytics:topic:delete`
* `speechAndTextAnalytics:topic:edit`
* `speechAndTextAnalytics:topic:view`

The following OAuth scopes are required to use this resource:

* `speech-and-text-analytics`
* `speech-and-text-analytics:readonly`


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_speechandtextanalytics_topic" "example_topic" {
  name        = "Example Topic"
  dialect     = "en-US"
  description = "Example Speech & Text Analytics Topic"

  strictness   = "72"
  participants = "All"

  tags = ["terraform", "example"]

  phrases {
    text       = "billing"
    strictness = "72"
    sentiment  = "Neutral"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dialect` (String) The topic dialect, e.g. en-US.
- `name` (String) The topic name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The topic description.
- `participants` (String) Which participants to match. Valid values: External, Internal, All. Defaults to `All`.
- `phrases` (Block List) The topic phrases. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--phrases))
- `program_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of programs associated to the topic.
- `published` (Boolean) Whether the topic is published. Assisted QM topic validation may require published topics. Defaults to `false`.
- `strictness` (String) The topic strictness. Valid values: 1, 55, 65, 72, 85, 90. Defaults to `72`.
- `tags` (Set of String) The topic tags.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--phrases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phrases`

Required:

- `text` (String) The phrase text.

Optional:

- `sentiment` (String) The phrase sentiment. Valid values: Unspecified, Positive, Neutral, Negative.
- `strictness` (String) The phrase strictness. Valid values: 1, 55, 65, 72, 85, 90.

