---
page_title: "genesyscloud_telephony_providers_edges_extension_pool Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Extension Pool
---
# genesyscloud_telephony_providers_edges_extension_pool (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Extension Pool

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/telephony/providers/edges/extensionpools](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/telephonyprovidersedge/#get-api-v2-telephony-providers-edges-extensionpools)
* [POST /api/v2/telephony/providers/edges/extensionpools](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/telephonyprovidersedge/#post-api-v2-telephony-providers-edges-extensionpools)
* [GET /api/v2/telephony/providers/edges/extensionpools/{extensionPoolId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/telephonyprovidersedge/#get-api-v2-telephony-providers-edges-extensionpools--extensionPoolId-)
* [PUT /api/v2/telephony/providers/edges/extensionpools/{extensionPoolId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/telephonyprovidersedge/#put-api-v2-telephony-providers-edges-extensionpools--extensionPoolId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/telephony/providers/edges/extensionpools/{extensionPoolId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/telephonyprovidersedge/#delete-api-v2-telephony-providers-edges-extensionpools--extensionPoolId-)

## Permissions and Scopes

The following permissions are required to use this resource:

* `telephony:extensionPool:add`
* `telephony:extensionPool:delete`
* `telephony:extensionPool:edit`
* `telephony:extensionPool:view`

The following OAuth scopes are required to use this resource:

* `telephony`
* `telephony:readonly`


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_telephony_providers_edges_extension_pool" "example_extension_pool" {
  start_number = "1000"
  end_number   = "1099"
  description  = "Description of the Extension range"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `end_number` (String) Ending phone number of the Extension Pool range. Changing the end_number attribute will cause the extension object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.
- `start_number` (String) Starting phone number of the Extension Pool range. Changing the start_number attribute will cause the extension object to be dropped and recreated with a new ID.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Extension Pool description.
- `division_id` (String) The division this campaign belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

