---
page_title: "genesyscloud_tf_export Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Resource to export Terraform config and (optionally) tfstate files to a local directory. 
  	The config file is named 'genesyscloud.tf.json' or 'genesyscloud.tf', and the state file is named 'terraform.tfstate'.
---
# genesyscloud_tf_export (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Resource to export Terraform config and (optionally) tfstate files to a local directory. 
		The config file is named 'genesyscloud.tf.json' or 'genesyscloud.tf', and the state file is named 'terraform.tfstate'.

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* The export resource calls GET APIs on all exported resource types. See the list of GET APIs on each resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_tf_export" "include-filter" {
  directory                = "./genesyscloud/include-filter"
  export_as_hcl            = true
  log_permission_errors    = true
  include_state_file       = true
  include_filter_resources = ["genesyscloud_group::-(agent)$"]

}

resource "genesyscloud_tf_export" "exclude-filter" {
  directory              = "./genesyscloud/exclude-filter"
  export_as_hcl          = true
  log_permission_errors  = true
  include_state_file     = true
  enable_flow_depends_on = false
  exclude_attributes     = ["genesyscloud_user.skill"]

  split_files_by_resource = true
  exclude_filter_resources = [
    "genesyscloud_group",
    "genesyscloud_routing_queue",
    "genesyscloud_user"
  ]
}

resource "genesyscloud_tf_export" "export" {
  directory = "./genesyscloud/datasource"

  replace_with_datasource = [
    "genesyscloud_group::group"
  ]
  ignore_cyclic_deps           = true
  split_files_by_resource      = true
  enable_dependency_resolution = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `compress` (Boolean) Compress exported results using zip format Defaults to `false`.
- `directory` (String) Directory where the config and state files will be exported. Defaults to `./genesyscloud`.
- `enable_dependency_resolution` (Boolean) Adds a "depends_on" attribute to genesyscloud_flow resources with a list of resources that are referenced inside the flow configuration . This also resolves and exports all the dependent resources for any given resource. Defaults to `false`.
- `exclude_attributes` (List of String) Attributes to exclude from the config when exporting resources. Each value should be of the form {resource_name}.{attribute}, e.g. 'genesyscloud_user.skills'. Excluded attributes must be optional.
- `exclude_filter_resources` (List of String) Exclude resources that match either a resource type or a resource type::regular expression.  See export guide for additional information
- `export_as_hcl` (Boolean) Export the config as HCL. Defaults to `false`.
- `ignore_cyclic_deps` (Boolean) Ignore Cyclic Dependencies when building the flows and do not throw an error Defaults to `true`.
- `include_filter_resources` (List of String) Include only resources that match either a resource type or a resource type::regular expression.  See export guide for additional information
- `include_state_file` (Boolean) Export a 'terraform.tfstate' file along with the config file. This can be used for orgs to begin managing existing resources with terraform. When `false`, GUID fields will be omitted from the config file unless a resource reference can be supplied. In this case, the resource type will need to be included in the `resource_types` array. Defaults to `false`.
- `log_permission_errors` (Boolean) Log permission/product issues rather than fail. Defaults to `false`.
- `replace_with_datasource` (List of String) Include only resources that match either a resource type or a resource type::regular expression.  See export guide for additional information
- `resource_types` (List of String, Deprecated) Resource types to export, e.g. 'genesyscloud_user'. Defaults to all exportable types. NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed in future release.  Please use the include_filter_resources or exclude_filter_resources attribute.
- `split_files_by_resource` (Boolean) Split export files by resource type. This will also split the terraform provider and variable declarations into their own files. Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

