---
page_title: "genesyscloud_widget_deployment Resource - terraform-provider-genesyscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Genesys Cloud Widget Deployment
---
# genesyscloud_widget_deployment (Resource)

Genesys Cloud Widget Deployment

## API Usage
The following Genesys Cloud APIs are used by this resource. Ensure your OAuth Client has been granted the necessary scopes and permissions to perform these operations:

* [GET /api/v2/widgets/deployments](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/widgets/#get-api-v2-widgets-deployments)
* [GET /api/v2/widgets/deployments/{deploymentId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/widgets/#get-api-v2-widgets-deployments--deploymentId-)
* [POST /api/v2/widgets/deployments](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/widgets/#post-api-v2-widgets-deployments)
* [PUT /api/v2/widgets/deployments/{deploymentId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/widgets/#put-api-v2-widgets-deployments--deploymentId-)
* [DELETE /api/v2/widgets/deployments/{deploymentId}](https://developer.genesys.cloud/api/rest/v2/widgets/#delete-api-v2-widgets-deployments--deploymentId-)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "genesyscloud_widget_deployment" "mywidget" {
  name                    = "mywidget"
  description             = "My example widget test widget"
  flow_id                 = data.genesyscloud_flow.mytestflow.id
  client_type             = "v1"
  authentication_required = true
  disabled                = true
  third_party_client_config = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
  allowed_domains = []
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_required` (Boolean) When true, the customer members starting a chat must be authenticated by supplying their JWT to the create operation.
- `client_type` (String) The type of display widget for which this Deployment is configured, which controls the administrator settings shown. Valid values: v1, v1-http, v2, third-party
- `disabled` (Boolean) When true, all create chat operations using this Deployment will be rejected.
- `name` (String) Name of the Widget Deployment.

### Optional

- `allowed_domains` (List of String) The list of domains that are approved to use this Deployment; the list will be added to CORS headers for ease of web use
- `client_config` (Block Set, Max: 1, Deprecated) The V1 and V1-http client configuration options that should be made available to the clients of this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--client_config))
- `description` (String) Widget Deployment description.
- `flow_id` (String) The Inbound Chat Flow to run when new chats are initiated under this Deployment
- `third_party_client_config` (Map of String) The third party client configuration options that should be made available to the clients of this Deployment.
- `v2_client_config` (Map of String) The v2 client configuration options that should be made available to the clients of this Deployment.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_config`

Optional:

- `authentication_url` (String) Url endpoint to perform_authentication
- `webchat_skin` (String) Skin for the webchat user. (basic, modern-caret-skin)

